Update `Ranking criteria` (#9266)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Beatmap/Song_compilation/en.md

# Song compilation

> A **song compilation** is a collection of three or more songs, fully or partially, which usually share a genre, artist, or other theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **song compilation** is a collection of three or more songs, entire or partial, which usually share a genre, artist, or other theme.
```
